Hey and welcome back.
At this point you're hopefully up and running with your Hello World Hapi JS application.
In this video, we'll open up the project we just
made to get a better idea of what's going on with the code.
To start, open up the project folder in your editor.
What you'll notice here is that there's much less going
on than there was with your Sales JS application.
It actually looks much more similar to the Express application.
Here's the node modules,
the package.json and the server.js file we created.
The server.js file is a little different than what we
saw in our Express application's index.js file,
but it's doing all the same basic things.
Let's walk through some of the code to get a better idea of what's going on here.
First, we create a constant that requires Hapi.
In the next few lines,
we create a server hosted on port 8,000,
which is why we're able to access this app at localhost 8,000 in the browser.
Next, we add the roots in,
in this case using GET,
but can be GET or Post or whatever,
depending on how you want to handle the URL endpoints.
This is followed by the path for the URL.
In this case, it's being placed at localhost:8000/hello.
Down towards the bottom,
you have the functions that are used to start the server.
Some error handling and a lock to the console that tells you the server is running.
So, that's really the basics of what's going on inside
the project folder of your Hapi JS application.
We went through this a little quicker than the other applications
because it's a lot of pretty similar stuff that you've seen already.
As always, you can check out the documentation and
resources supplied on the Hapi JS homepage.
This is a great way to learn more about this framework's functionality,
or to keep going through some of the tutorials they provide.
Great job working through this section and congratulations on getting
started with your Hello World Hapi JS application.